Hi, and welcome to this course.
My name is Maximilian Schwarzmüller
and I will be your instructor in this course
on GitHub Actions.
I'm super excited that you chose this course
and that you joined this course
to learn all about GitHub Actions
because it is an amazing service and feature.
And in this course, you are going to learn
all the core essential building blocks that you must know
in order to work with GitHub Actions from the ground up
without any prior knowledge about GitHub Actions required.
We're going to dive into all the essentials
and we're then, of course, also going to dive
into the more advanced parts step by step,
and best of all, at some concrete examples.
We're not going to focus on boring theory or slides,
but instead we're going to practice all these things
at some realistic examples that you could encounter
in your day-to-day work as well.
And therefore, let's not waste any time,
instead let's dive right in
and let's start with the most important question first.
What exactly is or are GitHub Actions,
and what can you do with this feature or service?